Ajbennet/advancedcolor (#32)
microsoft/Windows.UI.Composition-Win32-Samples: README.md

| [**Hello Composition sample**](https://github.com/Microsoft/Windows.UI.Composition-Win32-Samples/tree/master/cpp/HelloComposition)</br>Demonstrates how to set up a project to use Composition APIs in a C++ Win32 app.</br>See the [Using the Visual layer with Win32](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/uwp/composition/using-the-visual-layer-with-win32) tutorial for more info. | ![Hello Composition sample](images/hello-comp-win32.png) |
| [**Hello Vectors sample**](https://github.com/Microsoft/Windows.UI.Composition-Win32-Samples/tree/master/cpp/HelloVectors)</br>Demonstrates how to use vectors in the Visual layer. | ![Vector graphics UI](images/hello-vectors-win32.png)   |
| [**Virtual Surfaces sample**](https://github.com/Microsoft/Windows.UI.Composition-Win32-Samples/tree/master/cpp/VirtualSurfaces)</br>Demonstrates how to use virtual surfaces in the Visual layer. | ![Virtual surfaces UI](images/virtual-surfaces-win32.png)  |

> | [**Advanced Color sample**](https://github.com/Microsoft/Windows.UI.Composition-Win32-Samples/tree/master/cpp/AdvancedColorImages)</br>Demonstrates how to use screen capture APIs. | ![Screen capture UI](images/advanced-color-win32.png)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [**Advanced Color sample**](https://github.com/Microsoft/Windows.UI.Composition-Win32-Samples/tree/master/cpp/AdvancedColorImages)</br>Demonstrates how to load advanced color (HDR, High Color Gamut, High precision) images into a Virtual Surface and use an Interaction Tracker that helps create a smooth scrollable surface that responds well to touch, mouse, and precision touchpad. | ![Advanced color image UI](images/advanced-color-win32.png)  |
```
